# uPlant Smart Agriculture Application
uPlant application is a smart agriculture application. It was coded in Android Studio and Arduino. In Android Studio part, UI was created. In the UI, users select their plant and click it. After clicking, the information of the plant (name of the plant, sufficient water level of that plant and the information about the light necessity of that plant) will be sent to Arduino web server. Information about the plants are hardcoded in a csv file. In the csv file, there are 3 columns, first column represents the name of the plant, second column represents the water level for each plant and third column represents whether that plant needs light or not. After clicking the plant, users send the appropriate information in that csv file to the Arduino web server via HTTP post request. In Arduino part, a web server and sensor codes were implemented. In Arduino web server, we extracted the data which comes from android application via HTTP get request and we parsed the data. After parsing the data, we got the appropriate water level of that plant and the information about the light necessity of that plant. We used water data to adjust the amount of water which is pumped by a simple pump to the plant pot. Also, we used the light data to adjust to amount of light which is supplied by simple LEDs to the plant pot. We created the 2-sided communication between Arduino web server and Android application via HTTP post/get requests. Because of that communication, we can easily extend our project and users can add as many plants as they want at the same time. When a user selects and adds a plant, system automatically adjust the light and water level of that particular plant pot. After clicking the plant in Android Studio, there is no need to check the plant in the future. Because Arduino(pump and LEDs) keeps the plant in appropriate condition until the second request. Thanks to Kuluhan Binici, Atakan Atanur
